README.md, before:

Toxicity
========

An iOS Tox client for the iPhone.   

Tox is a FOSS (free and open source) instant messenger application aimed to increase privacy of communication and to replace Skype.   

**Project Tox**: [Github Link](https://github.com/irungentoo/ProjectTox-Core), [Website](http://tox.im), [Wiki](http://wiki.tox.im)   
**Messages View Controller**: [Github Link](https://github.com/jessesquires/MessagesTableViewController/)   
**libsodium**: [Github Link](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium)   

### Screenshots:

[iOS6 Screenshots](http://imgur.com/a/HWe7X)

[iOS7 Screenshots](http://imgur.com/a/L49iZ)

### Todo:

+ Redo the ! in chat to look better (currently using the avatar feature in Messages View Controller)
+ Add more to the settings page (About, Clear settings, etc.)
+ Reorder
+ More

### License:

   Copyright 2014 James Linnell

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

   [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

   Unless required      
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.

Commit message:

Client is no longer maintained
Added a notice that includes a link to the new Tox client for iOS

README.md, after:

##### As of current, this client is not maintained. If you are looking for a Tox client for iOS, please see [Dvor's 'Antidote' client.](https://github.com/dvor/Antidote)

Toxicity
========

An iOS Tox client for the iPhone.   

Tox is a FOSS (free and open source) instant messenger application aimed to increase privacy of communication and to replace Skype.   

**Project Tox**: [Github Link](https://github.com/irungentoo/ProjectTox-Core), [Website](http://tox.im), [Wiki](http://wiki.tox.im)   
**Messages View Controller**: [Github Link](https://github.com/jessesquires/MessagesTableViewController/)   
**libsodium**: [Github Link](https://github.com/jedisct1/libsodium)   

### Screenshots:

[iOS6 Screenshots](http://imgur.com/a/HWe7X)

[iOS7 Screenshots](http://imgur.com/a/L49iZ)

### Todo:

+ Redo the ! in chat to look better (currently using the avatar feature in Messages View Controller)
+ Add more to the settings page (About, Clear settings, etc.)
+ Reorder
+ More

### License:

   Copyright 2014 James Linnell

   Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
   you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
   You may obtain a copy of the License at

   [http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0](http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

   Unless required      
   distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
   WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
   See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
   limitations under the License.
